Glossary

	'Guard Direction'
		'Each character, player or enemy, can enter a state of guarding one of three directions: Left, Up, and Right.\n
	'Guard Widget'
		'The official term for the tri-arrow graphic that shows the guard direction of a character.\n
		It also shows other information, such as the duration of a guard if temporary, upcoming attacks, properties on attacks, etc.'
	'Reflex/Static Guard'
		'If a character\'s guarding state lasts temporarily before returning to no guard active, the character has a \"Reflex Guard\".\n
		If the character\'s guard stays active indefinitely, they have a \"Static Guard\".'
	'Sing Guard'
		'When a rhythm note is successfully hit with a positive rating (A 'Good' or 'Sick' in the vanilla game), this effect occurs.\n
		Sing Guard is effectively an all-guard that blocks any incoming attacks (except unblockables) for some time after hitting a note.\n'
	'Rhythm Note'
		'A term used most likely just for this combat system that refers to standard singing notes.\n
		It is intended to differentiate between normal notes and combat notes, such as attack or special notes.'
	'Combat Health'
		'The health of a character that depletes only by getting hit with an attack.\n
		It is described this way to differentiate it clearly from the health that is now used as a stamina bar.'
	'Stamina'
		'Formerly measuring the player's health by measuring performance on hitting notes, it is now used as a resource for attacking.\n
		Depletion of this value as a lose condition varies from character to character.'
	'Block'
		'If the player's guard direction matches the enemy's attack direction, the attack is block.\n
		This term is used in any case of defending an attack, despite some characters animation-wise defending via dodging instead.'
	'Parry'
		'If the attack input is pressed shortly before defending an attack, the attack is parried.\n
		Like blocking, this term is used even if a character does not defend with their weapon.\n'
	'Bash'
		'Bashes are a non-directional form of offense that often guarantees a followup attack if the attack is performed shortly after.\n
		Bashes can vary in this function. For example, some bashes can deal their damage directly instead of relying on followups.'
	'Sing/Combat Victory'
		'There are two victory conditions: A \"Sing\" victory, and a \"Combat\" victory.\n
		Sing victories are the default win condition of simply reaching the end of a song. This is the only victory possible if combat is disabled.\n
		Combat victories require that the opponent's health be reduced to 0, or otherwise defeated in some shape or form.'

Training Shrub Dialogue:

	'Hello! This is A Guy Named Guy, presenting For Friday combat system.

	This week serves as a foundational tutorial that any other mods using this system can rely on to teach the fundamentals.

	Each song will start with a screen describing what mechanics, concepts, characters, etc. will be introduced.

	You can always check the song-specific info along with all other tutorial screens in the "Help" option of the pause menu.

	Without further ado, here is a look at the important fundamentals, and what specific tools Boyfriend has as a character.
	'

Training Shrub Dialogue 2:

	For this song, you only need to be concerned with surviving to the end. Defeating the opponent is not universally required.

	For this song "Training", you only get a minor health advantage on start of the next song, "Trial".

	This song is intended to be a safe space to get to grips with offense and defense. You'll get a chance to restart at the end if you wish.

	And finally, one more reminder that the "Help" option in the pause menu is great to check if you have any questions.

	From here on this tutorial will no longer play on restart. Let's begin.